Add user manual for hdfs load and transaction. (#7497)
apache/doris: docs/en/administrator-guide/outfile.md

## Usage example

> For details, please refer to [OUTFILE Document](../sql-reference/sql-statements/Data Manipulation/OUTFILE.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details, please refer to [OUTFILE Document](../sql-reference/sql-statements/Data%20Manipulation/OUTFILE.md).
```
